♪ ♪
DOCUMENTARY FILMMAKER:
Antarctica.
An inhospitable wasteland.
But even here, on
the Earth's frozen bottom,
we find life.
(wind whistling)
And not just any life.
Penguins.
(penguins laughing)
Joyous, frolicking, waddling,
cute and cuddly life.
(chuckles)
Look at them tumbling
onto their chubby bum-bums.
Who could take these
frisky little snow clowns...
Seriously?
Does anyone even know
where we're marching to?
Who cares?
I question nothing.
Me, too.
Well, fine!
We'll just fly
to the front of the line
and see for ourselves.
Kowalski! Rico!
Engage aerial surveillance.
(grunting, panting)
Here we go!
Doing it! Come on!
Skipper, we appear
to be flightless.
Aw, well, what's
the point of these?
(grunts)
Whoa! I like it!
Hey, this could be
our thing!
What are we gonna call it?
Let's call it the, uh...
"high one."
(gasping)
Hey! Anybody see that?
That's an egg!
Is someone gonna go get it?
W-We can't do that.
Why not?
Well, it's a
dangerous world
out there,
and we're just penguins.
You know, nothing
but cute and cuddly.
Yeah. Why do you think
there are
always documentary crews
filming us?
(penguins squeaking)
Well, sorry, kid.
You know, we lose
a few eggs every year.
It's just nature.
Oh, right, nature.
I guess that makes
sense, but...
something...
something deep down
in my gut tells me
that it-it makes
no sense at all.
You know what?
I reject nature!
(others gasp)
Who's with me?!
(yelling)
(gasps)
(screams)
Ha-ha!
(chuckles)
(grunting)
(penguins gasp)
(penguins sigh)
The old ship.
No one's ever returned
from there alive.
(squawking)
SKIPPER:
Relax, Kowalski.
There's a bird down there now.
Look, he's fine.
(others gasp)
Leopard seals-- nature's snakes.
Aren't snakes
nature's snakes?
How should I know? I live
on the flipping frozen tundra.
(seals barking)
SKIPPER:
They're going for the egg!
Give me a way down there, ASAP!
All one would have to do
is collect 300 feet of kelp,
dry it in the...
Tiny and helpless,
the baby penguins
are frozen with fear.
They know if they fall
from this cliff,
they will surely die.
Gunter, give
them a shove.
KOWALSKI:
...harnessing the jellyfish
we've trained to obey
simple voice commands.
(penguins yell)
Now, that's more like it!
(penguins sigh, yell)
(penguins grunt)
(roars)
That-a-boy, Rico!
SKIPPER:
Don't let him have it!
Okay. I guess that works.
(seal growls)
(penguins gasping)
(seals grunting, jaws snapping)
KOWALSKI:
Get to high ground!
SKIPPER: Boo-yah!
KOWALSKI: Ha-ha! Success! Oh.
KOWALSKI: I'd recommend
firing it now.
Nope, hold on.
Uh, we really
should fire it.
Not till we see
the white of its eyes.
They're mostly pupil.
Very little white. Almost none!
They got to have
a little bit of white, right?
None whatsoever.
What if they look really far
to the left?
SKIPPER:
Fire in the hole!
(penguins yelling)
(metal creaking)
Kowalski, analysis?
We are really awesome at this.
Boys, we did it!
Mission accomplished!
Hey, hey, we can do our thing.
High one!
Yes!
(laughing, whooping)
Whoa-ho!
Ha-ha-ha!
(crackling)
Ooh. My bad.
(gasps)
Uh-oh.
Look. It's...
it's the miracle of birth.
(crackling)
A moment...
of extraordinary beauty.
(groaning, spitting)
Oh, that's disgusting!
I think I have
amniotic sac in my mouth!
(giggles)
(gasps)
Whoa!
Hello. Are you my family?
You don't have a family,
and we're all
going to die. Sorry.
Wh-What?
What? I-I thought that was
what we were all
nodding about.
No one's gonna die!
Know what you've got, kid?
You've got us.
We've got each other.
And if that ain't a family,
I don't know what is.
So adorable.
Kowalski,
what's our trajectory?
95% certain
we're still doomed.
And the, uh,
other five percent?
KOWALSKI:
Adventure and glory
like no penguins
have ever seen before.
I'll take that action.
But where are we going?
SKIPPER:
The future, boys.
Glorious future!
(lively dance music playing)
SKIPPER:
Ah, that song!
I swear it's gonna make me
lose my salmon.
Singing getting louder, Skipper!
Then move faster!
Somebody get that wig
off Private.
♪ ♪
Kowalski, status report!
I'm really getting tired
of this song.
SKIPPER: Well, the best part
of owning a circus
is you can transport a cannon
over state lines.
(loud boom)
(fireworks whistling,
penguins whooping)
Ten years ago
on this very day,
a tiny egg hatched,
and our world
got a little bit cuter.
(giggles)
So tonight, Private,
we celebrate your birthday
by infiltrating the
United States gold depository
at Fort Knox!
Splendid!
What?
There she is, boys.
The object of our unholy desire.
The butter on our biscuit.
The royal flush.
PRIVATE: Skipper?
Private,
what's our rule about
interrupting analogies?
Sorry. Please continue.
The moment's gone.
Private ruined it.
Sir, we're approaching
our target.
(penguins grunt)
But, Skipper, I really...
Are you questioning
my leadership, Private?
No, sir.
Too bad.
'Cause I respect a
soldier with some moxie.
Really? Then I really
think we should...
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Dial back the moxie, sass-mouth.
(chuckles):
Oh, look at you.
Still so adorable.
SKIPPER:
Fire in the hole!
Huh?
FEMALE VOICE:
8:00. Night-night time.
Wha...?
(men gasping)
(snoring)
Private, come on!
AUTOMATED MALE VOICE:
Please enter pass code.
Kowalski, you're up.
AUTOMATED MALE VOICE:
Please enter pass code.
Rico, sonic incursion device.
(bluegrass music playing)
Oh, come on,
you're kidding right?
Kentucky, Skipper.
They do love
their Flatt and Scruggs.
AUTOMATED MALE VOICE:
Y'all come in now, y'hear?
Have yourself a iced tea.
(locks whirring, clanking)
Private, if you could have
anything you wanted
in the whole wide world,
what would it be?
Well, gee, Skipper,
I think to be a meaningful
and valued member of this team.
Ah. Well, we got
you something else.
A vending machine?
Well, not just
any vending
machine, Private.
The last remaining home
in America's nanny state
for those succulent
but chemically hazardous
bits of puffed
heaven called...
PRIVATE:
(gasps) Cheezy Dibbles!
Happy ding-dong birthday,
you little scamp!
Oh-ho-ho!
Oh-ho, thank you!
(kissing, giggling)
(frantic gasping)
You mess with the bull, you're
gonna get the horns, Private.
Now, hit that machine
and get your present.
We just broke into the
most secure facility
in North America.
You know what that means?
We're wanted criminals
who'll be on the lam
the rest of our lives,
always feeling the hot breath
of Johnny Law on our necks?
SKIPPER:
No! It means,
as elite units go,
we're the elitest of the elite.
(Private gasping)
Top shelf in the bureau.
The penultimate, plus one.
Where'd Private go?
Oh, there he is.
D-3.
Oh, Private.
How much is he?
He's $3.50, sir.
Well, that's outrageous.
Even for Private.
(gasps)
Sir, the machine
is alive!
I don't think I like
your attitude, vending machine.
Or your prices!
Release them!
(screams)
What the...?
(man gasps, screams)
♪ ♪
(loud crunch)
Kowalski, analysis.
All evidence indicates...
(stomach gurgling)
I ate too many Cheezy Dibbles.
(exhales)
We're behind enemy lines
and incredibly thirsty.
Rico, bust us out
of this delicious prison.
Nice work, Rico.
Ha-ha!
You are a meaningful
and valued member of this team.
Hmm.
(gulps)
(gagging, coughing)
SKIPPER: Private,
quit lollygagging.
And regular gagging.
(coughs)
Dark and ominous--
two of my least favorite
traits in a room.
Oh, look! A button.
Huh? Private, don't!
Now, what have I
told you about...
Sorry, what?
(rumbling, whirring)
(clang)
It looks like some
sort of giant laser
sent to kill
us all, sir.
PRIVATE:
Ooh! Another one.
ALL:
No!
Huh?
Wha...?
(singsongy):
Naughty, naughty.
KOWALSKI:
Huh?
Pretty birds belong
in their cages.
(penguins gasp)
ALL:
Ew!
Now, that's just hurtful.
And I was so happy
to see you again.
Skipper...
Kowalski... Rico...
and sweet little Private.
Boop!
Who are you?
The humans know me
as Dr. Octavius Brine.
Renowned geneticist,
cheese enthusiast,
and frequent donor
to NPR pledge drives.
But you know me
by a different, much older name.
A name perhaps you'd hoped
you'd never hear again.
A phantom!
A shadow
of a former life!
I...
am...
Dave!
Kowalski?
Sorry, sir, no clue.
Dave...!
Dave!
Dave?
Dave...!
Dave.
Dave!
(grunts)
(cricket chirping)
Sorry.
Wait. Wait. Uh...
I... I live this way.
Go ahead, Dan, continue.
You seriously
don't remember me?
Dave! Dave! Right!
Oh, yeah, long time.
Uh... how's the wife?
I've never been married.
You may not remember me,
but I could never forget you.
Let's shake up
some old memories.
New York City.
The Central Park Zoo.
Life was good.
(children laughing)
Roomy tank, great location,
monkey-house views.
And, of course...
(children gasp)
my adoring legion of fans.
Cool.
Dave!
The octopus
of a thousand tricks.
Awesome!
I was the total package.
GIRL: Wow.
MAN: Hey, kids!
You got to see this.
Get up here quick!
WOMAN:
Come on, kids...
And then you arrived.
WOMAN:
Oh, they're so adorable!
(crowd cheering)
Just, uh, smile and wave, boys.
Smile and wave.
And took everything from me.
GIRL:
They're so cute!
They are so adorable.
WOMAN: Have you ever seen
anything cuter?
Four adorable baby penguins.
With you around, no one wanted
an old octopus anymore.
"Out you go, Dave."
(engine starts)
And so it went, over and over,
at zoo after aquarium.
Dad, look!
I can't see the penguins, man!
Adorable penguins
stole the show.
MAN:
Whoo! Yeah!
While I was shunned.
(tank flushes)
Forgotten.
Unwanted.
Alone.
That sounds awful.
Oh, it was.
I came to realize
some creatures are born
to get all the love.
The rest of us get nothing!
The only thing that has kept me
going all these years is my
burning thirst for revenge!
And my precious
souvenir snow globe collection.
(Rico grunting)
(gagging)
(Dave exclaims)
What is wrong with you?!
(grunts "I don't know,"
swallows)
Oh, Daryl, Daryl, Daryl,
you can't blame us
for what happened to you.
Uh, can.
That's how this whole
revenge thing works.
And with this,
I finally have the power
to destroy you.
Crikey!
(burbling)
Nicolas, cage them.
I've got some
bad news for you, Dennis.
You messed with the wrong birds.
Because we are an elite unit,
the best of the best.
Cream of the corn
on a platinum cob.
And we're gonna take
your deadly green goop
and sashay right out
the exit hatch.
And just how are you
going to do that?
Deploy secret weapon.
(chuckles)
Aah! The cheese, it burns!
(octopi burbling)
Roll out.
(Dave yelling)
(grunts)
(Dave grunting in frustration)
After them!
All right, boys,
it's just like Cuba.
Taxi!
(people screaming)
How about some music?
Something chase-y.
(playing fast,
suspenseful music)
Here they come.
Let's move.
PRIVATE: Stroke! Stroke!
Stroke again!
Stroke some more! Stroke!
Stroke! Stroke!
Stroke! Sorry!
(speaking angrily in Italian)
Stroke! Stroke!
(man shouting in Italian)
(speaking frantically
in Italian)
(muffled yelling)
(octopus burbling)
We got baddies, six o'clock.
SKIPPER:
Kowalski, battle formation.
(octopus burbling)
Ha! So you squeegees want
to do the gondola mambo?
(octopus burbling)
Let's dance.
Ow! Mother-of-pearl,
that stings!
I've lost visual.
(octopus burbles)
Kowalski, be my eyes.
Uh, left.
(grunts)
KOWALSKI:
Right, right! Up!
Duck.
(octopus burbling)
(man speaking Italian)
SKIPPER:
I think I got 'em.
They are down, sir.
Excelente.
(octopus grunts, burbles)
Skipper!
KOWALSKI: They're back up.
And we are running out of canal.
Parker Posey! Go all-terrain.
Will you marry me?
Huh?
(burbles)
We've lost engine one!
(grunts)
And two and three.
Four!
(woman screams)
(laughs)
Switch to emergency power.
Aye, aye, Skipper.
(engine revving)
PRIVATE: We've got melons!
Dead ahead!
I can see.
Rico, the glowy thing!
(grunts)
Aah! Venetian blinded again!
KOWALSKI:
We've been boarded.
SKIPPER:
Initiate self-destruct sequence.
(man grunts, screams)
(whooping)
Nice.
Whee!
(people scream)
Frankly, I'm surprised we had
a self-destruct sequence.
(grunting)
(octopi burbling)
(resumes suspenseful music)
(groaning, sighing)
SKIPPER:
All right, boys, battle stance.
We're in battle
stance, sir.
Oh. Okay, good.
Now we, uh, spring our trap.
KOWALSKI:
I'm not sure
they're the ones
that are trapped, sir.
Kowalski,
remember our little talk
about true
but unhelpful comments?
KOWALSKI:
Yes, sir.
Sometimes we just have
to wing it.
(bird screeches)
(octopus burbling)
Wow.
(beeping)
(frantic burbling)
(phone ringing)
(whimpering)
Sorry for underestimating
the plan, Skipper.
It's okay, Kowalski.
Just don't ever doubt me again.
Now, what the heck is going on?!
Remain calm, penguins.
You are now under the protection
of the North Wind.
You're welcome.
Oh, my gosh.
Aw, you guys are so cute.
(penguins protesting, groaning)
You guys are just so, so cute!
Ooh... and cuddly.
(penguins groaning)
Hey, get away!
No more hugs!
It's like being licked
by a basket full of puppy dogs.
Corporal!
Hmm?
Chart a course back to
North Wind headquarters.
Eva, inform them that we're
bringing in witnesses.
Private, Dibble me.
We're not going
anywhere with you.
We don't even know
who the heck you are.
The North Wind is an elite
undercover interspe...
(crunching loudly)
The North Wind
is an elite under...
An elite undercover
interspecies...
...task...
...force, dedicated to help...
helping...
Dedicated to helping...
(crunch)
(groans) Dedi...
Dedicated to helping animals
who can't help themselves.
(loud crunching)
Like penguins.
Really? And you are?
My name is classified.
Classified, eh?
What is that, uh, Dutch?
Can't really hear the accent.
Excuse me?
There's the accent.
No, my name isn't Classified.
My name is classified
because I am the leader
of this strike team.
The seal is Short Fuse--
weapons and explosives.
The bear is Corporal--
he's our muscle.
And the owl is Eva--
intelligence and analysis.
Well, Agent Classified,
we happen to be
an elite unit, too.
(button clicks, alarm beeping)
FEMALE VOICE: Self-destruct
sequence activated.
You know, you should really
label these things.
FEMALE VOICE:
In three, two, one...
(alarm stops)
The name's Skipper.
I run this outfit.
Back there is Kowalski.
He's the brains
of our operation.
Say something smart, Kowalski.
Uh...
See? He's working
on a whole nother level.
And Rico,
he's our demolition expert.
(squawks, chuckles)
SKIPPER: He destroyed that chair
for the sheer fun of it.
No reason at all.
And then there's Private.
He's, uh...
he's sort of our, uh,
you know, secretary/mascot.
Cute.
And cuddly.
(chuckles) Oh, sorry.
Well, let's see how well
"cute and cuddly"
handles this next bit.
(engines roaring)
(chuckles)
Nice doggy door.
(beeping)
PRIVATE: Wow.
(Rico chuckles)
KOWALSKI: Whoa. Wow.
PRIVATE: Look at this.
SKIPPER:
Well, well, well.
Not a bad place you got here,
Classified.
Thank you.
That's not my name.
FEMALE VOICE:
Arrival at pad 17.
All right, tiny penguins,
the best way for the North Wind
to protect helpless animals
like yourselves
is to bring Dr. Brine
to justice.
Now, you were inside his sub,
so I need to know
everything you know.
(whooping excitedly)
Hmm?
(penguins laughing and whooping)
PENGUINS:
Hey!
Just tell me everything
you know.
All right. Numero uno:
Never trust a Dutchman
in a tulip fight.
Tulip fight...
Canada is secretly training
an army of Sasquatch.
Sasquatch...
Hot dogs are, in fact,
only 17 percent actual dog.
17 percent...
Not "everything" everything.
Just everything regarding
your abduction
by Dr. Octavius Brine.
Ah.
Why didn't you say so?
What?
My team has uncovered
that Dr. Octavius Brine
is actually an individual
known as Derek.
Dave.
As Dave the octopus.
SHORT FUSE:
An octopus?
(chuckles)
No.
Dr. Brine is not an octopus.
He is...
An octopus. (clears throat)
Precisely.
That's exactly
what our intel indicated.
(whispering):
Release the sheep.
(bleating)
What you, of course,
could not know
is that Dr. Brine's
laboratory in Venice
is secretly developing
a doomsday weapon
called the "Medusa Serum."
Ah, but what you don't know
is that Dirk...
Dave.
Dave won't be using
his bazooka serum...
Medusa Serum.
Medusa Serum on anybody.
That part is accurate.
Show him, Rico.
You...
You stole the Medusa Serum?
Well, stole the serum,
saved the day,
did your job for you.
Call it what you will.
Debbie!
Dave.
Dave!
He hacked
into our system.
Where's the sound?
D-Dave.
I can't...
I can't hear anything.
Your microphone, it's not on.
Click on the button with
the picture of the microphone.
Every time a villain calls in,
this happens.
Hello? Hello?
So annoying.
Now we can hear you,
but we cannot see you.
Every time.
It's like talking to my parents.
How about now?
Hurray!
Great!
Yes, oh, yes!
Yes, we've got you;
that's fantastic.
Excellent. Now, where was I?
(cackling)
Dave!
(growling, gasping)
Greetings, North Wind.
I see you've met
my old zoo-mates.
We were never mates.
There was no mating.
Turn yourself in, David.
You're powerless now
that I've stolen
your precious Medusa Serum.
What? You?
You didn't steal that.
It's over.
It's over?
Then why did I call you?
Weird.
Oh, maybe it was
to show you this.
(gasping)
That is a lot
of serum for four penguins.
Oh, you thought this was
just about you four?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
We're just getting started.
(camera clicks)
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to go do some shopping...
for revenge!
(computer beeping)
Wait, how do you...
(burbling)
What do I push?
Is it the red or...
I thought it was the...
It's not this...
(alarm blaring)
Incoming alert.
Put it on the screen.
The Berlin Zoo--
15 penguins missing.
Dave's kidnapping
other penguins!
No doubt cute and cuddly.
BOTH:
We have to move! What?
Time for our A-game.
Everybody, huddle up.
Corporal, ready the jet.
I'm initiating North Wind
Protocol Zeta.
12 more penguins
taken from London Zoo.
Okay, boys, this is it.
The mission we've been
preparing for our entire lives.
We're gonna take down Dave
or die trying.
Kowalski,
cancel our improv class!
Yes, sir.
Rico, equipify.
Hi!
Private, do that
little thing I like.
(laughs) It's still funny.
Skipper, good news.
I got them to credit our class.
Sir, the jet is ready.
SKIPPER: Oh, yeah, baby!
Whee!
Just like Super Bowl 19!
They're stealing my stuff!
(chuckles)
No!
This mission has no place
for a pathetic waddle
of useless penguins!
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa!
Who are you calling pathetic?
Enough!
See, Rico, that's why you can't
have nice things.
(snoring)
Ooh!
(groans)
You know, uh, (grunts)
I'm, uh, pretty good
with computers myself.
(snoring)
(snoring softly)
SHORT FUSE:
Put on your jammies, penguin.
Aw.
They are even cute
when they're asleep.
Not to me.
I want these butterballs
out of my way
and out of my mission.
Ship them to one of
our safe houses.
The most remote place
on the planet.
(Skipper groans)
Where the heck are we?
KOWALSKI:
Oxygen content is low.
I suggest we limit
our breathing.
(quiet, squeaking fart)
SKIPPER:
Aw, Private!
(gasping)
Sorry!
I get gassy when I fly.
Toot sweet! He does.
We must be on a plane.
(coughing)
What did North Wind
do to us?
Ooh, they gave us badges.
Not badges, tranquilizer darts.
Classified!
That low-down dirty dog is
trying kick us off the mission.
He thinks we can't save
the penguins
because we're just
"penguins."
Well, penguins are
our flesh and feathers.
They're us.
And if anyone's gonna save us,
it's us.
But, Skipper,
we've got to be five miles up.
That pretty much limits
our options.
I make my own options.
(screaming)
Brilliant move, Skipper,
but now we seem to be
outside the plane.
Well, kind of got caught up
in the moment.
Well, hindsight's 20/20.
Okay, Kowalski, your turn
to pick up the slack.
Uh...
Oh, why don't we catch
that plane?
(screams)
Whoa!
Bird strike, log it.
(screaming)
KOWALSKI: We've got another
target at 12 o'clock.
Good, it's only 11:30.
Follow me, boys!
We're going in hot.
Hot, hot, hot!
(gasping)
No one likes a show-off,
Private.
KOWALSKI:
Aim for first class!
(people screaming)
(grunting)
(speaking French)
I'm okay!
Kowalski, where does
this aircraft go?
From the odd shape
of this bagel,
I'd say we're headed for Paris.
France? Forget it!
Not with their tax laws!
Then I would suggest
a mid-air transfer.
Affirmative.
Peanuts! Peanuts! Peanuts!
Peanuts, peanut, peanut, peanut,
peanut, peanut, peanut!
We're out of peanuts, Skipper!
Try pretzels, Private.
(grunts)
Bingo.
There's our ride, boys.
Can't stay, doll.
Danger is my mistress.
Aah! Rico, more height.
(screams)
Pretzels!
Pretzel, pretzel, pretzels!
We're out of pretzels!
Yeah? Then we're
leaving just time,
'cause these folks
are gonna freak!
KOWALSKI:
Deploy flaps.
SKIPPER:
Stay on target!
(Rico chuckling)
PRIVATE: We're gonna catch it,
we're gonna catch it!
Crikey! We're not gonna
catch it!
Wait a minute,
where's Skipper?
(garbled grunting)
Time to get creative.
Start grabbing boxes, boys.
Going long! (laughs)
Ooh!
Oh, Private, stop playing
with those backpacks.
Find something useful.
(garbled grunting)
Now we're talking.
Let's get to work.
400 meters.
300 meters!
Speak American, Kowalski!
Sorry, sir. 218 yards.
109 yards.
Okay, then.
It's clear what we need
to do next.
(laughing, whooping)
KOWALSKI:
That feels right.
Impressive bouncing, boys.
Now, then, back to civilization.
If we're gonna take Dexter down,
we need to know
where he's gonna strike next.
♪ ♪
(whoops)
(grunting, laughing)
Yeah!
Whoo!
ALL:
Goal...!
(whistle blowing)
ALL: Huh?
Elijah, would you please
take them away.
(penguins gasp)
(Dave laughing maniacally)
(whooshing, rapid beeping)
EVA:
Penguin footprints, still warm.
We just missed Dave.
Aw, blast it, he's gone.
So many penguins!
(yelling)
Boss! He's stress-eating again!
Corporal?
There, there.
Rub the angry out of the tummy.
Corporal? Fo... focus.
We are going to save those
helpless penguins, because...
we are the North Wind,
and no one...
no one breaks the Wind.
(muffled):
No one breaks the Wind.
There's a good Corporal.
Now, we rescued those four
penguins already, didn't we?
Shipped them off
all cozy and snug
(beeping)
to a Madagascar...
How come there's beeping?
Sir, those penguins--
they never made it
to Madagascar.
(Corporal gasps)
What?
Well, where the
dickens are they?
Kowalski, what are
our coordinates?
From my calculations,
we've arrived in the center
of Dublin, Ireland.
♪ ♪
(bicycle bell chimes)
All right, soldiers,
we got to blend in.
Riverdance.
♪ ♪
No time to kiss
the Blarney stone, boys.
We need to find intel
on Dave's location, pronto.
SKIPPER:
Aha!
All right, you, where's Dave!
Give us the goods.
Spit it out!
Don't make me use shillelagh!
Sir, that's...
That's a baby squid.
(crying)
Sorry, laddie.
(squid giggles)
Ugh!
Stranded on the Emerald Isle
without a single clue.
Well, so much for
the luck o' the Irish.
KOWALSKI:
Skipper, look!
Huh?
(woman speaking Chinese over TV)
SKIPPER:
Begorrah!
Does anyone speak Gaelic?
No. But it looks like
Dave's been busy.
He's stolen penguins
from Guadalajara!
Madrid!
Paris!
KOWALSKI: Athens!
SKIPPER: Bangalore!
(retches)
KOWALSKI: Dusseldorf!
PRIVATE: Osaka!
KOWALSKI: Rio de Janeiro!
PRIVATE: Nairobi!
SKIPPER: Amsterdam!
PRIVATE:
Baton Rouge!
Dave's snow globe collection.
It's every zoo and aquarium
he got kicked out of!
Don't tell me
where he has been,
tell me where
he will have has been next.
(retching)
Wait, what is it, Rico?
It's a book!
It's a film! It's a play!
(retching continues)
First word.
Two syllables.
Sounds like...
"huuh!"
(retching continues)
Sounds like "huuh"?
Sounds like
"hyech!"
What starts with "hyech"?
Shanghai.
Dave hasn't
been there yet, Skipper.
If we hurry,
we can still stop him.
Nice work, Rico.
Pack your bagpipes, boys.
It's time to blow
this potato stand.
(tires screech)
(distant horn beeps)
So this is it.
Shanghai's famous
Little Dublin district.
(gasps)
Skipper, look!
I see you, Private.
(laughs)
Who's the big boy
standing on his tippy-toes?
Wha...? No, I mean...
I just want to eat you up.
Skipper, look! Above Private!
Dave's next target-- Shanghai's
famous mermaid penguins.
SKIPPER:
Good eye, Kowalski.
And once again,
you've proved that
you are a meaningful
and valued member of this team.
(groans)
MAN (over P.A.):
Ladies and gentlemen,
Shanghai Marine World
is pleased to present
our world-famous
Mermaid Penguins!
♪ ♪
(crowd cheering)
Tonight, our mermaids
dedicate their performance
to all the missing penguins
around the world.
Stay safe, little guys,
wherever you are.
And we hope you come home
real soon.
(cackling softly)
Now, keep those eyes
roving, boys.
Dave is a master of disguise.
He could be a small child,
a house plant,
maybe even you or me!
Is it you, Kowalski?
Hey, hold on.
Huh?
(timer ticking)
Ha!
Wait a minute.
Bingo! Nice try, Dave!
Operation Flash,
Splash and Crash is a go!
Splendid!
(giggles)
Take positions.
ANNOUNCER (over P.A.):
Penguin feeding time will begin
in two minutes.
(grunting)
Target, 30 yards and closing.
(imitates radio static)
In position, Skipper.
SKIPPER:
Rico, report.
(garbled):
In position.
For you, Private.
Yes, Skipper!
Here's your mermaid costume.
What?
We need a diversion.
And, frankly, you're the only
one who can pull off that look.
But I can do
more, Skipper.
I want to help the team.
Really help the team.
If you think I'm ready,
which I am. (chuckles)
Assuming you agree.
And perhaps even...
if you don't?
I like the moxie, soldier,
but right now,
I need a tail on that tush
and the cutest smile you've got.
You trust me, soldier?
Aye, aye, Skipper.
MAN:
Hey, it's feeding time!
Target, ten yards
from flashpoint.
(imitates radio static)
Private, you're up.
(gasps)
You just mermaid my day.
(groans)
Flash is a go!
(gasps)
Look, they let one of the
mermaids out of the tank!
Oh, she's so cute.
It's the cutest thing
I've ever seen.
Shields up!
(cameras clicking)
(grunts)
Target is stunned.
Rico, bring the Splash.
(humming)
Huh?
(growling)
(gasping)
(laughs)
Yeah!
Oh! (laughs)
(people cheering)
Oh, what are you doing
out here, cutie?
Come on.
Back in your tank.
Secure the mermaids
and find me...
...David the octopus.
A little late, North Wind.
(growls)
Mission accomplished.
High one!
Corporal, take our prisoner--
the one that belongs to us--
into custody.
What?
You melted him?!
You birds are sick!
He's going in
through the pipes!
(cackling)
Skipper!
Private? Private!
You got to get out of there!
(screams)
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
Private!
Skipper!
Help!
No!
Okay.
Here we go.
Move, move, move!
He's got Private!
He's getting away.
He's getting away!
Skipper, the North Wind's plane.
Sweet chariot of the gods!
But can you fly it, man?
There's only one way
to find out.
No, I, uh...
still can't read.
Then we're going off-book.
(beeping)
No! No, no, no, no!
(groans)
SKIPPER: Too much, too much,
too much, too much, too much!
(screaming)
I'm getting the hang
of this, Skipper.
(muffled mumbling)
EVA: Pull off!
Good! We're coming for you,
Private!
Those ludicrous butterballs
are letting David escape!
Eva, secure transport.
Short Fuse, Corporal,
hitch us a ride.
Fire!
(screams)
Go fetch.
Hold her steady.
(Corporal yelling)
(grunts)
Sir, Dave is pulling ahead.
We are too heavy.
Oh, curse our heavily
cheese-dibbled diet!
Rico, give me a West Helsinki
fire sale.
Yeah, yeah.
Everything must go!
(garbled grunting)
Huh? What the... (screams)
(grunting)
Ow!
That's everything, sir.
Have you purged
the chemical toilet?
But Rico was in there
for 15 minutes!
Just do it!
(toilet flushes)
(screams)
(groaning)
(line squeaking)
(groans)
(gasps)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
(screaming)
(beeping)
Self-destruct sequence
in five,
No, Private!
four,
Stay strong soldier!
three, two, one.
(screaming)
Skipper's log.
Private has been kidnapped
by Dave,
while we have been cast adrift
for what seems like days.
No rations, fresh water...
(coughs)
...or land in sight.
Kowalski is sick as a dog.
(retching)
And Rico keeps trying
to eat him.
Just, please, just cut it out.
(groans)
Oh! (retching)
Not sure how long
we can hold on.
This may be my final entry.
(cork pops)
Ow!
2004 Grand Cru.
Hints of pear,
white peaches.
EVA: Mmm, the salmon
is delicious.
SHORT FUSE: Oh, I have never
been more hydrated in my life.
Let me cut you a piece
of the salmon.
No, thank you.
I'm stuffed.
It's the most delicious thing
on the boat.
(sighs) I have to loosen
my utility belt.
No, I'm full.
Just dump it in the ocean.
You know, we're all
in the same boat here.
Actually, we're not.
And perhaps you could express
a little more concern
over the fact
that you stole and destroyed
a $19 million vehicle!
(growls)
Bill me.
(growls) Corporal?
Corporal?
We're picking up a signal, sir.
(beeping)
Huh?
It's five klicks southwest,
but it stopped at
that remote island.
Land?
Good on you.
You've tracked down some land.
No, silly willy.
We've been tracking
your little secretary/mascot.
What? You put
a homing device on Private?
All of you, actually,
when I darted you.
(grumbles)
You low-down,
dirty, mangy, filthy,
flea-bitten, bum-sniffing
toilet drinker!
But... good.
See, I told you.
You should've left this
to the professionals.
(crunching loudly)
(steady beeping)
♪ ♪
(harmonica playing)
(sighs)
892.
893. 894.
Ow!
895.
DAVE:
Ahoy there!
♪ Penguins. ♪
I bet you're all
just dying to know
why I brought you here.
(gasps)
He's gonna kill us all!
What? (chuckles) No.
(shudders)
My Medusa Serum
doesn't kill anyone.
Where's the fun in that?
(high-pitched voice):
So, um, what does it do?
Something much, much worse.
Right.
But, like, what specifically?
Well, that's exactly
what I came up here to show you.
All I need is a test subject.
Hello, little buggy-boo!
Is this about the chirping?
'Cause I could... Whoa!
Whoa!
(gasps)
Behold, as I unleash
the full power
of the Medusa Serum.
Fire!
(gasping)
(Dave cackling)
Yes! It works!
(snorting, grunting)
I made a monster.
(jaws snap)
I made a monster!
And all you adorable penguins
are next!
(echoing):
Crikey!
Huh? Who said that?
No.
No. No.
(gasps)
Yes!
Gentlemen, you
remember Private.
(burbling):
Oh, hey.
You'll never get away
with this, Dave.
My brothers are coming,
and together
we'll take a wrecking ball
to your whole rotten operation.
Call off the hunt, everyone.
Turns out the elite unit
will be coming to us.
Boop.
AGENT CLASSIFIED (over radio):
Eva?
What do you see?
My count is 30 hostiles.
KOWALSKI:
31.
Uh, those two are
very close together.
I-I mean, you know,
intertwined,
physically, but...
but not in, uh...
Ixnay on the irtflay,
Kowalski.
Poor Private.
Alone, helpless
in the belly of that beast.
We've faced some long
odds before, Skipper,
but these look like
the longest and oddest.
If we're gonna pull this off,
we'll need a diversion.
FEMALE COMPUTER VOICE:
Deactivating jungle camouflage.
Shh! Would you be quiet?
Listen, Classified...
Short Fuse,
you were supposed
to handcuff them to the rock!
Don't you hologram me!
I tried, but they don't
have hands.
They just have flippers, boss.
And-and I have flippers!
So it's flipping useless!
(growls)
All right, pooch.
If you won't work with us,
you better work for us.
Our plan requires a diversion.
I give the orders around here.
Much as it pains me, I need you
to act as our diversion
for our operation, understood?
Nope! This is our plan,
and it requires you
to cause a diversion.
Die-version.
Dih-version.
Die, die, die, die, die, die!
Dih, dih, dih, dih, dih, dih!
Gentlemen,
there is only one way
to resolve this.
We should kiss.
Plan-off.
Yep, plan-off.
That's what I was gonna say.
(sighs):
Plan-off.
Here's Dave's sub.
And this young,
helpless, vulnerable rock
is Private.
And here's Dave.
While you four blowhards
dih-vert the octopi,
we strike fast and strike hard!
Hi-yah!
Get on in
here, boys!
Slap him silly,
Rico! Come on!
(others whooping)
SKIPPER: Kowalski,
free the hostages!
Now, that's what
I'm talking about,
big fella!
With Private
freshly liberated,
we celebrate
with a well-earned high one,
and feast
off Dave's sweet remains.
Any questions?
Whoa-hoa, hey, now!
Wow. I mean,
truly impressive.
Especially... the bit
where you slap the fruit.
Oh! Corporal, dim the lights.
Short Fuse,
glasses.
KOWALSKI: Ooh.
(Rico growls)
(whirring)
My apologies.
Had to rush a bit.
♪ ♪
The schematic's a little crude.
Where is that music coming from?
Wow.
AGENT CLASSIFIED:
All right, at 2150, Skipper,
Kowalski and--
Richard, was it?--
die-vert the octopi
away from their posts.
At 2200, Short Fuse
breaches the hull
with a swarm
of self-guided
underwater nano-charges.
(soft gasp)
I call them "wet kabooms."
Yes, please don't.
SHORT FUSE: Okay, sorry.
At 2202,
knock, knock.
Who's there?
The North Wind.
The North Wind who?
The North Wind who doesn't
have time for knock-knock
jokes because we're too busy
taking down Dave.
Personal hover tank...
(echoing):
check.
Auto-targeting wing mounts.
Why not?
At 2209,
mission accomplished.
See that?
I don't even look back.
There's a huge explosion,
and I just keep walking.
(Short Fuse whoops)
Way to go, boss!
That's North Wind,
sucker!
Nicely done.
La-di, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
A good plan is about more
than effecty stuff and...
vocabulary words.
(chuckles): Oh. And you,
you... you certainly know
a good plan-- I mean,
your operation in Shanghai
allowed Dave to escape
with... your boy.
I've never lost
a member of my team.
It must feel... awful.
Can't imagine the
guilt, the regret,
the feeling that, uh,
I don't know, that...
(sputtering exhale)
it should have been you.
All for penguin plan?
All for North Wind plan?
His...
his is better.
(grunts)
What?
I'm sorry, boys,
but I can't lead you this time.
But... (sighs)
we're a team, and...
and you're
our skipper, Skipper.
We don't...
we don't need these guys.
No, Kowalski, but Private does.
I think...
it's time we leave it
to the professionals.
But, sir...
It's settled.
We take our orders
from Agent Classified now.
(grunting)
That's an order, Rico!
(whimpers)
All right, Classified...
what's the diversion?
(quietly): We take this shame
to our graves.
Agreed.
(playing lively music)
ALL:
Hey!
(octopi burbling melodically)
Time?
2200 hours.
Time to take down Dave.
(grunts)
(yells)
David the octopus,
show me your tentacles.
All of them.
(slurps loudly)
(grunting)
Ow!
(octopi burbling melodically)
(melodic burbling stops)
(excited burbling)
(accordion plays)
We lost them, Skipper.
Not a moment too soon.
These hosen are riding
up my bundesliga.
All right, boys,
grab your coconuts
and hold 'em tight.
Classified should be walking
away from a huge explosion
with Private on his shoulder
in three... two...
Give 'em
a welcome home, Rico!
(chuckles)
(retching)
Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
In your face, Dave!
The Private is back!
Welcome home, Private!
Yeah! All right!
Here we go.
All right.
Sir, the sub didn't explode,
and, uh...
(clears throat)
I fear the...
fireworks may have been
a tactical mistake.
(accordion plays)
(grunting)
(octopi burbling melodically)
(lively music plays)
(octopi burbling excitedly)
SHORT FUSE:
Stay calm! Do not panic!
We will still win!
Be full of love! Don't hate!
Follow your dreams!
Love yourself!
Love other people!
Pick and choose
your battles in life!
Don't let anyone
tell you what to do!
Ignore the haters!
Love the one you're with!
Eva.
(softly):
I know.
Welcome, Skipper, Kowalski
and rootin'-tootin' Rico!
The gang's all here!
The mood is electric!
Is this really,
finally everybody?
All right, Dave,
just what have you done with...
Private!
Oh! Guys!
You're in for it now, Dave!
Really?!
Anyway, great catching up.
Now, who's ready to move on
to live penguin testing?
SKIPPER: You point
that death ray away from Private
right now!
It's not a death ray, Skipper.
He's gonna
turn us into monsters!
Yepper-doo!
"And what comes next, Dave?"
Invasion!
Oh, horrible mutant penguins
unleashed on the streets
of New York City!
You're the monster!
Yes!
I'm the monster.
Everyone made that clear to me
every day of my entire life.
But now, let's see how much
everyone loves you
when you're the monster!
Skipper!
SKIPPER:
You can't take away
Private's cuteness!
He's the cute one!
That's-that's his thing.
What?
It's all the little guy's got!
(groans)
DAVE: Hmm.
You are super cute.
We better crank this up.
Drew, Barry,
more power.
Ready?
Negotiations have
broken down.
Rico, the paper clip!
Bust us out of here!
(retches)
We need that paper clip!
Chop-chop, soldier!
(grunting)
(retching, grunting continue)
No! Where's
the paper clip!
(strained grunting)
Private!
(grunting)
(gasps, yells)
No!
(giggles)
(gasps)
Private...
Oh, no.
(whimpers)
I disintegrated him.
That wasn't supposed to happen.
You maniac!
You blew him up!
(groans)
No.
Oh, well, this is why
we test things, people.
I'll have to lower
the power for the others.
Full speed ahead, gentlemen.
The monsters are due
in Manhattan!
(panting quietly):
Ooh...
(kisses)
(burbling)
(gasps)
(wheels squeaking)
(blow lands)
PRIVATE:
Sorry.
(panting)
(gasps)
Crikey.
All right, all right, octopus.
Whatever Dave's paying you,
I'll double it.
(burbles)
Is that a yes?
Does anyone speak octopus?
Sorry.
No, not a clue.
Blast it.
(beep)
You... free... us.
We give you... many fishes.
Om-nom-nom-nom-nom.
What is that?
(Short Fuse gasps)
(Short Fuse shrieks)
Oh, great.
Oh, no! This is it!
CORPORAL: I don't want
to die all squishy!
(Short Fuse screaming)
We're dead! Dead!
Dead! Dead!
Oh, no, we're dead!
Dead!
Dead...!
I pushed a button.
(chuckles) Super.
Well done, Private!
Good work, malinki.
Yay. Yes. Yes.
Um... excellent
button-pushing. Hmm.
Compliment, praise,
et cetera.
All right, agents,
we are back in business.
(giggles)
Wait! Skipper, Kowalski, Rico,
all those penguins,
they're this way!
And so is a massive army
of octopi.
And as soon as we return
to the North Wind headquarters,
grab fresh equipment,
and work up
a smashing new plan,
we'll come speeding back
and take down Dave.
But the penguins are in danger!
We have to go now!
Again, huge army of octopi.
So, because you failed once,
you're just running away?
We did not fail.
And we are not running away.
We're just
very sensibly regrouping.
Skipper wouldn't care.
Plan or no,
fancy equipment or no...
he'd never leave a man behind.
Well, I suppose we can't
all be penguins, can we?
No.
But maybe you should be.
Come on.
(grunting)
Showtime, everyone!
Big smiles
for the Big Apple!
Listen up, Doris!
You turn us into freaks,
and then what?
You think that's gonna
make everybody love you?
No, but they'll despise you.
(screams)
(penguins grunt)
And I'm sure gonna love that.
♪ ♪
REPORTER:
Breaking news!
The missing penguins
have been found!
Okay. According to my notes,
genetic researcher
Dr. Octavius Brine
has found the penguins
and is bringing them here
to New York's Battery Park.
The penguins are coming back!
Oh, my gosh! Look!
(crowd murmuring)
(crowd cheering)
Penguin lovers of the world,
guess who I found.
CROWD (chanting):
Penguins! Penguins!
It wasn't easy, but seeing the
penguins get what they deserve
will make it all worthwhile.
What a weird thing to say!
I'm so excited!
Do it.
(gasps)
Skipper! Skipper! Skipper!
Rico! Kowalski!
I'm up here! Up here!
It's like I can
still hear his little voice
calling to us.
You have to get out of there!
Move!
"You have a great otter, there.
Moo."
Why would he moo?
What are you asking me for?
I'm not Private's little ghost.
(clang)
Uh-oh.
(whirring)
No!
Are you ready?!
(crowd cheering)
Yeah!
Yay...!
(laughs)
Your new...
and improved...
penguins!
CROWD (chanting):
Penguins! Penguins!
(chanting continues)
(chanting stops)
Wha...?
(hissing)
(man coughs)
Oh, the people love you.
Just go give them a hug.
(garbled grunting)
(crowd screaming)
(garbled yelling)
(garbled grunting)
Don't let them touch you!
(people screaming)
Blah! (laughs)
(garbled grunting)
Oh, no.
What's happening?
Nobody likes you anymore?
Well, the fun and games
are just beginning.
Watch this, penguins.
Somebody call...
the exterminators!
(phones dialing)
(engines revving)
And when the exterminators take
you away, you never come back.
(engines revving)
(whistle blows)
(garbled grunting)
(screams)
(both scream)
(panting)
Oh, dear.
Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no.
What do I do? What do I do?
Crikey!
(octopi burbling)
(gasps)
Come on, then. You want to go?
You want some argy-bargy?
(yelling)
(octopi burbling)
(whooping)
Yee-haw!
(crash)
Ow.
(horns honking)
Uh-oh, missed one.
(laughs)
What a wonderful day
in the park.
Skipper!
(garbled grunting)
(cat yowls)
Wait!
Hold on!
What are you doing?!
Skipper!
(garbled):
Huh?
(gasps) Don't eat that!
(screams)
Skipper, listen.
It's me, Private.
I've got a plan,
but I need your help.
I need my Skipper.
(wind whistling softly)
(garbled):
Huh?
Private?
Yes. That's it.
(normal voice):
Private, you're alive!
(laughing)
Oh, God!
(retches)
(yowls)
(laughs)
Oh!
(hissing)
Kowalski!
(garbled): Huh?
You've got to get a grip!
(hissing)
(gasps)
Kowalski, Eva is
worried about you.
(normal voice):
She is?
Wh-What did she say?
Did she say my name
specifically?
I mean, were there...
were there tears?
Details, come on, tell me!
Private! You're alive.
Come here.
This feels a little awkward,
but I'm happy.
(garbled grunting)
SKIPPER:
Rico!
You need to listen to us.
(burps)
I guess you're kind of
the same either way.
(garbled):
Private!
(sighs)
Heads up!
DAVE:
Whee-hee!
Looks like we're back
in business, boys.
And our business is
saving penguin-kind.
Who's with me?
Count me in.
(Rico gurgles)
Let's do this!
Boo-hah!
Yeah!
Let's create and feel momentum.
Sir, how long do we stand here
like this?
Until we've reached
maximum coolness.
There it is.
Now all we need is a plan.
I've got one.
Eh? Uh, huh?
(chuckles):
You stole Dave's ray?
Well, I figured
if we could reverse the ray,
we could turn everyone
back to normal.
Reverse the ray?
That's brilliant!
(grunting)
But... it's impossible!
In order to reverse the ray,
we would need to replace the
Medusa Serum with a power source
of almost
immeasurable cuteness.
Immeasurable cuteness?
Where the heck are we
supposed to get that?
♪ ♪
(soft gasp)
No, wait.
Private, no!
We don't know what that
will do to you! Aah!
(whirring, zapping)
All right!
The ray!
It works! It works!
Private! Are you okay?
Yes!
Yah!
Whoa-oh! Butt-hand!
There's a hand
attached to his butt.
That was not...
that was not there before.
Get out of there!
That's an order!
Permission to defy order.
Permission denied!
Then I deny your denial.
It's too risky, Private.
It already made you
sprout a butt-hand!
I know it has to
be me this time.
And I think you
know it, too.
♪ ♪
(whirring, zapping)
I'm the secret weapon.
♪ ♪
I'm happy...
and yet...
now that I have my revenge,
I feel... empty,
as if what I needed
all along was...
more revenge!
In fact--
Robin, write this down--
tomorrow we move on
to kittens!
Then puppies, bunnies,
pandas... (gasps)
Charlize, they're on the ray!
Helen, hunt them down!
William, hurt them.
Halle, bury them!
Hugh, Jack, man the
battle stations!
Kevin, bake on!
We're still gonna need
that victory cake!
♪ ♪
(excited burbling)
We're only gonna get
one shot at this, boys!
How we doing
on those snow globes?
(Rico retches)
Beam splitter ready!
Fire at will!
(burbling)
Do it, Skipper!
(Dave gasps)
(all gasp)
(click)
(clicking)
(beeping)
Dead batteries?!
(gasps) Game
over, Skipper!
Ha-ha!
(burbling)
No!
Rico, batteries!
Skipper!
Kowalski!
Hold off those octopi!
We're doing this now!
You heard Private!
Deploy!
(burbling)
(Skipper yelling)
(thumping, grunting)
(electronic chime)
♪ ♪
(raspy panting)
(low gasp)
Get back,
you aquatic savages!
PRIVATE: Behind you! Beside you!
Six o'clock! Twelve o'clock!
Hmm...
(mumbling)
(sighs)
PRIVATE: They're coming
from every direction!
There's just
too many of them!
(ice cream truck music playing)
(burbling)
♪ ♪
(explosion)
Whoa.
You came back!
♪ ♪
(burbling)
SHORT FUSE: Oh... that's why you
look back at the explosion.
(squeaks)
(grunts)
(burbling yell)
RICO:
♪ I can dream, eh, eh... ♪
(crunches Dibble)
(yells)
(grunting)
Fallback positions!
Stay away from Private!
(burbles)
(grunting)
(burbling)
Suck it up, Kowalski.
Whoa, whoa.
Aha!
(grunts, gasps)
No!
It's over, Skipper.
Over? That's weird.
Then why is Rico
throwing me
a fresh pair
of double-A's?
(retches)
(grunts)
(screeches)
No! The remote!
(Skipper yelling)
(gasps)
(yells)
Rico! Dibble me!
(retches)
(distorted bang)
(soft whistling)
(amplified heartbeat)
(whoosh)
(soft whistling)
(amplified heartbeat)
(maniacal laughing)
Hi-yah!
(distorted crunch)
(whooshing)
(distorted ricochet)
(distorted grunt)
(distorted zipping)
(whooshing)
(zapping)
♪ ♪
(excited chatter)
It worked!
(gasps)
Private!
SKIPPER: Excuse me. Emergency.
(Rico growls)
Coming through.
KOWALSKI: Sorry about the foot.
Make a hole!
(Private yells)
KOWALSKI: Don't worry,
uh... a-a chrysalis
is just forming around you.
That's perfectly normal.
(loud grunt)
Private.
(Rico whimpering)
(crackling)
Huh?
Wha...?
(gasps)
Huh?
(crackling continues)
(gasping, disgusted groans)
Private?
Oh. (giggles)
Oh! Look at that!
Majestic.
Hello.
(laughing)
Private!
Oh! Hey!
(grunts)
What's wrong? What are you...
Look out for the...
Whoa, now.
Have I got something...
Okay, looking up.
Cover your eyes.
Is there a... thing?
Don't turn your head.
So... (light chuckle)
how do I look?
You're hideously
disfigured
and will probably
be hunted for sport.
Wh-Wha...?
What?
If there's anything
we've learned
from this delightful adventure--
Kowalski--
it's that looks don't matter.
It's what you do
that counts.
And look at what you did.
♪ ♪
(happy chatter)
Yes, sir...
you are the most meaningful
and valued member of this team.
♪ ♪
(laughing)
Way to go, Private!
Attaboy!
Nicely done.
(whoops):
Way to go, Private!
You did it!
We're so proud of you!
You saved us!
We love you, Private!
Yeah, we love you!
You the penguin!
(rumbling footsteps)
(gasping)
(chirps):
Huh?
(rumbling continues)
♪ ♪
Ramirez!
Dave.
Dave!
(maniacal laughing)
(thud)
Ooh!
What? Are you kidding me?!
(Dave groans)
Dave. Oh-ho, look at you.
You think this is over?
I'm just getting started.
I'm about to...
What do we do
with him now?
GIRL:
Aw...
DAVE:
Open this right now!
Here you go, kid.
(gasps)
(distorted):
Cool!
♪ ♪
I hope you find happiness, Dave.
It's snowing! It's snowing!
(Dave grunting frantically)
It's snowing! It's snowing...
Right, now, then...
uh, um, this is difficult
for me to say.
Is it "osteoporosis"?
You just got to lean
into the vowel.
Os-teo...
poro...
No! No.
I want to say...
you four are the bravest agents
I've ever known.
The point is...
I was wrong about you,
and I hope...
there's some way
I can make it right.
Give us jet packs.
We should kiss.
Whoa. Uh...
(clears throat)
Did... did you
just say...
(smooching)
(gasps)
(retches)
Well, that feels right!
I think I'd actually prefer
a jet pack, please.
Ooh. I think we should
go with Private's idea.
Mm.
(whooshing)
(whooping, laughing)
Yeah!
Kowalski! What's
our trajectory?
95% certain this
will end in massive...
flaming disaster!
And the other five percent?
Irrelevant, sir!
Jet packs are awesome!
SKIPPER: Agreed!
(whooping, laughing)
♪ ♪
(whooping, laughter, shouting)
(laughter)
Who says penguins can't fly?
(laughter, whooping)
♪ ♪
(loud boom)
SKIPPER: Boo-hah!
♪ ♪
PRIVATE:
Um, Skipper, we are going
to turn me back
to normal, right?
SKIPPER:
Absolutely.
First thing Monday.
Whee! I'm in a rocket ship!
I want to push
the button.
Give me that!
Hey! Stealer!
Let's do this!
I'm ready!
Okay, on three.
One, three, go.
Ow!
I'm just gonna do
a little practice
push. Aah!
Okay, I'm not going
to press it. Why are you
smacking my hand?
Hey, look over there!
(zapping)
I'm a laser show.
Julien!
(groans, grunts)
Hey!
Now, that's the Private
we know and love.
High one!
Immeasurable cuteness,
right there!
Good to be back.
I feel like a French fry!
Whoa! I'm okay!
And with cuteness to spare!
Come on! Frosty mugs
of herring juice all around!
SKIPPER: Private's buying.
PRIVATE: What?
You know, if I'm being honest,
I expected a little more...
pizzazz!
(yells)
(muffled laugh) Yes!
Now, that's pizzazz!
(giggles)
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org